+++
date = '2025-12-21T16:10:00-08:00'
title = 'Sunday 2025/12/21'
+++

**Notes**

Christmas themed day along with Carolwood (Disney) barn. We had Santa, we had
Grinch!

Murphy brought Baofeng configuration equipment and set me up so I can use my
own radio.

Met another Roger (Taguchi)

Shawn brought and ran a Roger Goldmann (of original
[livesteamlocomotives.com](https://www.livesteamlocomotives.com/))
designed 2-8-0 steam locomotive pulling public trains.

Boschan brought and ran a small steam locomotive that fit in the trunk of a
Honda Civic, a reassuringly accessible size! Boschan works professionally in
a heat exchanger fabrication company, and offered to answer questions
about building boilers when I reach that point. The little locomotive is an
articulated 2-4-4-2 modeled after the
[Columbia River Belt Line 7 a.k.a. _Skookum_](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Columbia_River_Belt_Line_7)

**Activity Log**

* 5.5 hours total
  * 2.5 facility (30.5 out of 18)
  * 2.0 conducting (15.75 out of 18)
  * 1.0 kitchen (4 out of 6)

* 8:45AM - 10:45AM (2.0 facility)
  * Water wheel mesh cleanup & startup
  * Leaf blower ticket/line area and train platform.
  * Leaf blower on track.
  * Track walk.
* 10:45AM - 11:00AM (0.25 conductor)
  * Morning safety meeting
* 11:00AM - 12:00PM (1.0 kitchen)
  * Restock cold drinks.
  * Wash dishes.
* 12:30PM - 1:00PM (0.5 facility)
  * Guest exit gate duty while Jack eats lunch.
* 1:30PM - 3:00PM (1.5 conductor)
  * Conduct for Nelson train
  * Handed over to Ames to conduct a train with her friends riding aboard.
* 3:15PM - 3:30PM (0.25 conductor)
  * After Ames-conducted ride completed, help Nelson put away SPPA.
