+++
date = '2025-12-28T17:02:00-08:00'
title = 'Sunday 2025/12/28'
+++

## Objective

Complete probationary membership requirements.

## Notes

I thought I would complete probationary requirements today but when I double
checked records I found I double-counted conductor hours on 12/7. So instead
of a few hours over, I'm actually a bit short. I made this mistake because I
had been writing down name of the engineer of train I was conducting. This
system broke down when Richard Ronne and Steve Rodstein traded off engineering
Santa Fe Electric on 12/7. Which meant my "conductor for Richard" hours and
"conductor for Steve" hours were actually the same hours. Lesson learned,
note-keeping system will evolve!

Morning walk found a broken sprinkler cap just east of covered bridge.
Couldn't find matching broken pipe. Informed Ron Nelson and Ross Harper and
Harper says he'll look into it.

Engineer Santa Fe Electric for a full lap without passengers under Cammarata
supervision. I will need to study signals further and get more experience
watching the points on switches.

Lunch options tamales or skirt steak.

Jay Leno stopped by with [Doble E-20 steam car](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rUg_ukBwsyo) and filled up on boiler water.

## Activity Log

* 7.5 hours total
  * 3.00 facility (33.5 out of 18)
  * 0.75 conductor (16.5 out of 18)
  * 3.75 kitchen (7.75 out of 6)

* 8:30AM - 10:45AM (2.25 hrs facility)
  * Leaf blower ticket/line area and train platform.
  * Leaf blower on track.
  * Track walk. Still learning, Rodstein found stuff I missed.
* 10:45AM - 11:00AM (0.25 conductor)
  * Safety meeting for all train crews.
* 11:00AM - 3:15PM (4.25 hrs - 0.5 hrs lunch = 3.75 kitchen)
  * Restock cold drinks.
  * Help serve lunch.
  * Wash dishes.
* 3:15PM - 3:45PM (0.5 conductor)
  * Cammarata summed me to conductor for Nelson's train because Rodstein needed to leave.
* 3:45PM - 5:00PM (1.25 facility)
  * Assist 6-month task of reversing cars
